Vvasudevan process templates docs (#2801)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/platform-hub/process-templates/index.md

---
layout: src/layouts/Default.astro
pubDate: 2025-09-30
modDate: 2025-09-30
title: Overview
subtitle: An overview of Process Templates
icon:
navTitle: Overview
navSection: Process Templates
description: An overview of Process Templates
navOrder: 71
---
## Overview

Process templates are reusable sets of deployment steps that can be shared across multiple spaces in Octopus Deploy. Instead of copying and pasting deployment processes across teams and applications, which often leads to configuration drift, unnecessary duplication, and operational debt, you create a single source of truth that any project can consume. By abstracting your best practices for deployments into Process Templates, you make it easy for teams to follow standards and accelerate delivery.

> :::warning Process templates are in Public Preview for all Enterprise Cloud Customers:::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning 
Process templates are in Public Preview for all Enterprise Cloud Customers.
:::
```

> To create or manage your process templates, navigate to Platform Hub. If you haven't setup your Git repository, you must do so first before creating a process template. Similarly, If you've already created templates or are joining an existing team, you'll see the existing templates in the template overview screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create or manage your process templates, navigate to Platform Hub. If you haven't set up your Git repository, you must do so first before creating a process template. Similarly, if you've already created templates or are joining an existing team, you'll see the existing templates in the template overview screen.
```
